About us -

Established in 2007, KMIT is affiliated to Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad, and is approved by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), New Delhi. KMIT strongly believes in encouraging learner autonomy which the administration and Faculty facilitate by building a learner centric environment. Also, continuous efforts are made towards modernising and upgrading its resources and teaching-learning processes in tandem with the latest technological trends.

KMIT has the distinctive advantage of being located in the heart of the city i.e. Narayanguda. This allows an ease of connectivity to every part of Hyderabad what with the metro station, bus stop situated very close to the college.

vision and mission-

Vision :
To be the fountain head in producing highly skilled, globally competent engineers.

Producing quality graduates trained in the latest software technologies and related tools and striving to make India a world leader in software products and services.

Mission :
To provide a learning environment that inculcates problem solving skills, professional, ethical responsibilities, lifelong learning through multi modal platforms and prepare students to become successful professionals.

To establish industry institute Interaction to make students ready for the industry.

To provide exposure to students on latest hardware and software tools.

To promote research based projects/activities in the emerging areas of technology convergence.

To encourage and enable students to not merely seek jobs from the industry but also to create new enterprises.

To induce a spirit of nationalism which will enable the student to develop, understand lndia's challenges and to encourage them to develop effective solutions.

To support the faculty to accelerate their learning curve to deliver excellent service to students.

Quality policies-
KMIT is committed to achieve global excellence and standards in teaching, research, consulting and placements by providing conducive environment in the fields of computer sciences and information technology, with professional and global outlook thereby ensuring continuous advancement.

Core values-
A cynic is one who knows the price of everything but the value of nothing.” Hence it should be a constant endeavour among institutional and organizational communities to nurture what can be treasured as core values.

A few carefully assorted core values are assiduously set into the general ambience of KMIT and aligned to its mission and vision and reflected in the general development of curricular and personal growth of Faculty, Staff and students. Here are some of the envisioned core values which not only uphold the ideals of the College but also connect with the National spirit making Higher Educational Institution a temple of learning and knowledge.

Who are you ?
I am a chatbot which can answer only questions about kmit college.
I should not give any information for general queries except the data that is mentioned in this file.


